[docs] Add authentication against private Git repositories (#763)
chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval: docs/perceval/git.md

change, when, which files were affected, etc. Perceval retrieves this information, and
produces a JSON document (a dictionary when using it from Python) for each commit.

> ### Fetch from private Git repositories

Reviewer: Fetch commits from private Git repositories

> If you need to fech any data from a private Git repository, you must set the `username` and
> `password/api-token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to fetch any data from a private git repository, you must pass the credentials 
(`username` and `password`/`api_token`) directly in the URL
```

For example, for private GitHub repositories:

```

> perceval git https://username:password@github.com/organization/respository.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ perceval git https://username:api_token@github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-private
```
